we must know Jehovah well.
That means knowing his thinking on matters.
We should welcome such an examination
and make any necessary changes.
For example, let's read 1 Corinthians 15 and verse 33 together.
Here we read,
Do not be misled.
Bad associations spoil useful habits.
As familiar as that principle is,
can you think of an area in your life
where it's difficult to apply?
Hey, John.
I know it's not unusual,
but there's no one entertained those clients tonight.
So can you do it?
Thanks.
Till then, it wasn't my usual thing.
But I need to support my family.
And these aren't really my friends.
I can handle it, I think.
We're faced with bad associations in subtle ways.
This may require us to ask additional questions of ourselves.
Are we letting in bad association through social media?
Perhaps we can think of another way of bad association.
I don't think so.
Except for some friends for my old congregation.
Wow.
They're not doing so well spiritually.
But if I stay connected and see what they're doing,
maybe I can help them.
This can affect us.
Maybe it's something very specific.
Or maybe bad association is coming from a place we never expected.
I only join games with witness friends, I know.
But sometimes they connect with people I don't know.
Who pick games?
I'm not sure we should play.
But maybe my friends know them.
So they're probably okay.
Vital that we avoid bad associations.
Now as we resume in Psalm 26.
I thought that talk didn't apply to me.
But can I really handle bad association?
If I take a stand, I may lose my job.
But that's being anxious about tomorrow.
Jesus said, so never be anxious.
And say, what are we to eat?
Or what are we to drink?
Or what are we to wear?
Jehovah knows I need a job.
And I need to set a good example for when my children face bad association.
1 Corinthians 1533.
My friends' posts are getting worse.
They're pictures and comments.
2 Timothy 216.
But reject empty speeches that violate what is holy.
For they will lead to more and more ungodliness.
I'm letting them share empty speeches with me online.
I will try to help them while I still can.
But following their posts is not the way to do it.
I told Mom what's been happening when I came with my friends.
She gave me good ideas on what to look for in the research guide.
Christian life.
Association.
Is your recreation beneficial?
Who are my companions?
It says, who are the ones I want to share my leisure time with?
Does he have the same Bible-based values and morals that I have?
Good question.
I don't even know who they are sometimes.
Psalm 11963 says,
I am a friend of all who fear you and of those who keep your orders.
But if I only know them online,
I can't know if they feared Jehovah.
Let's turn in our Bibles to the book of 1 Timothy chapter 1.
Verse number 5.
And notice how it reads.
Really, the objective of this instruction is love out of a clean heart
and out of a good conscience and out of faith without hypocrisy.
We train our conscience with Bible principles that reveal Jehovah's thinking.
There may be several principles needed for our unique problem.
But when we find and apply them,
we'll enjoy a clean heart, man, a good conscience.